README.md, before:


# Calculate Public Pension Adjustment Backend
This service provides the backend for the Calculate Public Pension Adjustment Frontend.

## Frontend
[Calculate Public Pension Adjustment Frontend](https://github.com/hmrc/calculate-public-pension-adjustment-frontend)

## Persistence
This service uses mongodb to persist user answers and calculation result.

## Requirements
This service is written in Scala using the Play framework, so needs at least a JRE to run.

JRE/JDK 11 is recommended.

The service also depends on mongodb.

## Running the service
Using service manager (sm or sm2)
Use the PUBLIC_PENSION_ADJUSTMENT_ALL profile to bring up all services using the latest tagged releases
```
sm2 --start PUBLIC_PENSION_ADJUSTMENT_ALL
```

Run `sm2 -s` to check what services are running

## Launching the service locally
To bring up the service on the configured port 12802, use

```
sbt run
```

## Testing the service
This service uses sbt-scoverage to provide test coverage reports.

Use the following command to run the tests with coverage and generate a report.
```
sbt clean coverage test it/test coverageReport
```

## Scalafmt
To prevent formatting failures in a GitHub pull request,
run the command ``sbt scalafmtAll`` before pushing to the remote repository.

### License
This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License]("https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html").

Commit message:

Update README.md with running BANK_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION_FRONTEND

README.md, after:


# Calculate Public Pension Adjustment Backend
This service provides the backend for the Calculate Public Pension Adjustment Frontend.

## Frontend
[Calculate Public Pension Adjustment Frontend](https://github.com/hmrc/calculate-public-pension-adjustment-frontend)

## Persistence
This service uses mongodb to persist user answers and calculation result.

## Requirements
This service is written in Scala using the Play framework, so needs at least a JRE to run.

JRE/JDK 11 is recommended.

The service also depends on mongodb.

## Running the service
Using service manager (sm or sm2)
Use the PUBLIC_PENSION_ADJUSTMENT_ALL profile to bring up all services using the latest tagged releases
```
sm2 --start PUBLIC_PENSION_ADJUSTMENT_ALL
```
Additionally, you need to run BANK_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION_FRONTEND separately with the following modified configurations, as these cannot be added to the sm2 profile:
```
sm2 -start BANK_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION_FRONTEND --appendArgs '{"BANK_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION_FRONTEND": ["-Dmicroservice.services.access-control.enabled=false", "-Dmicroservice.hosts.allowList.1=localhost"]}'
```
Run `sm2 -s` to check what services are running

## Launching the service locally
To bring up the service on the configured port 12802, use

```
sbt run
```

## Testing the service
This service uses sbt-scoverage to provide test coverage reports.

Use the following command to run the tests with coverage and generate a report.
```
sbt clean coverage test it/test coverageReport
```

## Scalafmt
To prevent formatting failures in a GitHub pull request,
run the command ``sbt scalafmtAll`` before pushing to the remote repository.

### License
This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License]("https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html").
